# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2021-05-18

## Links

* **Recording**: https://youtu.be/UAxrkAYTxH8
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/139

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Ben Michel (@obensource)
* Michael Champion (@michaelchampion)
* Tierney Cyren (@bnb)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Marketing Committee meeting later today for those interested.
* Reminder that OpenJS World is in a couple of weeks - register!
* Let us know if you want to help facilitate Speaker Q&A
* Thank you to the programming committee - that committee meets Thursday

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Ad Hoc Meeting - Spec-Ed CG discussion with Marcos Caceres - April 28 [#137](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/137)

Jory reported on this during the last meeting. The CG is a subset of people interested in Spec Production. They are looking to provide mentorship and tutorials for people interested in becoming editors and there are definite overlaps of interest with our educational resource planned. It looks like a great opportunity for joint participation. Members are encouraged to join the CG. Jory removed the agenda label and closed the issue. 

* Discussion Request: Standards/Education & Onboarding Resources [#130](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/130)

We have collected a lot of resources so far. We plan to create a separate repo for the resource and collect 2 lists of information, one being a list of resources and the second being a list of questions we hope to answer for people arriving at the site. Jory has not completed this action. 
Robin shared that an LF web designer is happy to help but needs content. Jory asked, what are some of the questions we’d like to help answer? Discussion ensued and some of the questions raised were: 
1. How do I learn to read a spec
1. Where and how do I learn a process for ____ (TC39, W3C, ect)
1. How do I understand the IPR policy of a given SDO?

Ben pointed out that a lot of this material, which is primarily in written format, would make good video content as well, given that many people prefer learning via video. Robin suggested it could be a series of videos. 

Hemanth asked if it would be nice to have something of an online lab or tutorial to demonstrate how a spec advances (like a ‘hello world’ playground app). Jordan thought this was a good idea. Jordan also wanted to be sure that the application also helped people understand the constraints, to limit the risk that some people will over-enthusiastically rush into a proposal and be disappointed. Jory suggested that such an app can be part of the learning process, where step 1 is learning to read a spec, step 2 is understanding process, and step 3 is learning the “what/why/why not”. Hemanth suggested that we could create a framework for helping people understand their proposals, specifically “guiding questions that you should ask.”

Robin suggested that we could start drafting content based on the initial questions, then share it with the group for feedback. 

The group noted that the project does not have a name, and spent a few minutes contemplating a name. Thematic areas were word puns, art, cookbook/recipe books, libraries, commons, sparknotes/cliffnotes, standards camp, hitchhiker’s guide.

* Joint Statement on Open Source and Standards with W3C  [#132](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/132)

The recording was stopped for discussion of this issue, which included some private feedback from some of the organizations we were hoping to complete the statement with. 

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
