# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2021-06-01

## Links

* **Recording**: Recording failed this week
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/140

## Present
Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
Ben Michel (@obensource)
Hemanth HM (@hemanth)
Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
Mike Champion (@michaelchampion)
Richard Gibson (@gibson042)

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* reminder - OpenJS World is tomorrow

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Joint Statement on Open Source and Standards with W3C  [#132](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/132)

Jory and Robin updated the group - most of the organizations we approached were unable to get sign-off on the statement in time for the event. W3C and TC39 provided 30 second cameo statements during the opening Keynote. The statements reinforce standards-wg focus areas for this year. 
We will continue to consider the statement, and perhaps evolve it in the future. 
A discussion ensued about some of the feedback we received on the statement. Mike Samuel suggested that we could evolve the statement to accommodate the different perspectives people and organizations will bring to the statement. Such an approach could allow us to think more along the lines of personas and “lego pieces” that would help readers identify themselves and their use cases within the statement, and could potentially correlate to the personas we create for the learning site. The group was excited about this path and will look to develop that direction and idea further. 

* Discussion Request: Standards/Education & Onboarding Resources [#130](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/130)

Jory reported that she didn’t have the bandwidth to create the new site repo and move the issue, but hopes to have the time after the conference. 
In the meantime the community is encouraged to continue sharing their favorite resources. 

## Q&A, Other

Jordan and Richard shared a few highlights from the recent TC39 meeting. In addition to the advancement of Top Level Await, they highlighted that Tierney’s proposal for `hasOwnProperty()` reached stage 3. Congratulations, @bnb!

Ben Michel shared that he is excited to return to the group’s work after a brief absence.

The next meeting is 15 June.

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
