# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2021-01-26

## Links

* **Recording**: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Dhy-QmjFrc&ab_channel=OpenJSFoundation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Dhy-QmjFrc&ab_channel=OpenJSFoundation)

* **GitHub Issue**: [https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/121](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/121)

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Michael Champion (@michaelchampion)
* Donovan Buck (@dtex)
* Brian Kardell (@bkadell)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*   TC53 spec work is wrapping up and will head to a vote in June. Embedded JS’rs are invited to comment!
*   Standards content is encouraged for the OpenJS World event 
*   First TAG meeting for Lea Verou this week
*   OpenJS World

### openjs-foundation/standards

2021 Strategic Planning and Goal Setting  [#114]([https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/114](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/114))

*   Key action is to complete the feedback gathering from Project TSCs
*   Additional thought - trying to bootstrap a review process & documenting dependencies. Related to one of the strategic ideas around research. 
    *   We could invest in this; perhaps a grant or outreachy effort
    *   This is related to the question of building our technical strategy
    *   ACTION: write down the proposal / problem statement for the project
*   Recent survey results - do we want to pursue more responses?
    *   We should sent out a couple of reminders and call it done by Mid-Feb.
    *   Give some “for instances” - are you excited about X features, etc

A home for reference-implementation polyfills [#106]([https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/106](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/106))

*   Status is relatively unchanged, not advanced in part due to understanding of long-term strategy & fitness with that plan
*   Have positive feedback on this; we shouldn’t close this issue. Perhaps add a backlog label?

Discussion of JDF presentation from last week

*   Context is anti-trust; anti-trust as an obstacle to open collaboration. Standards work is intrinsically the kinds of things AT is concerned about but Standards making gets a pass because of historical process. The wrapper of a formal process may help them on down the line because the environment is changing. 
*   We should assist the projects with structure and best practice as their open source codebases become “de facto” standards in a given tech stack
*   Robin: the perception of how standards processes work does not reflect the reality - we could do more to educate our projects on the agile 
*   We could do a JDF blurb

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org
