# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2021-03-23

## Links

* **Recording**: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihI_TNhyktc](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihI_TNhyktc)

* **GitHub Issue**: Error Generating Issue

## Present

* Joe Sepi (@joesepi)
* Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
* Robin Ginn (@rginn)
* Jordan Harband (@ljharb)
* Brian Kardell (@bkardell)
* Richard Gibson (@gibson042)

## Agenda

### Announcements

* Book Club meeting tomorrow - discussing "Working in Public" at 3 p.m. EST
* OpenJS World event date moved to June 2; Speakers announced in a couple of weeks
* Jory featured for standards work on GH Readme project

### openjs-foundation/standards

Shared Principles Statement

* We're considering authoring a shared statement with W3C on importance of relationship between Open Source and Standardisation activities - interest on the W3C side in this
* Would be ideal to put it out and have other organizations sign on as well
* Robin to start drafting statement, will work with our Board and the W3C team
* Jory to file issue to track

Nominations Sought: Designated W3C AC Representative [#128]([https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/128](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/128))

* Jory was sole nominee; no vote needed
* Next steps: Inform CPC at next meeting; work with Brian and Ralph to transfer AC role; draft blog post.
* Issue is closed.

2021 Strategic Planning and Goal Setting [#114]([https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/114](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/114))

* Robin and Jory reported on further input from Node's TSC
* Growing preference across projects for strategies 2, 5, & 4
* Group consensus is to move on for 2021, focusing on strategies 2 & 5 to start
* Action: close #114 and open new issues

Discussion Request: Standards/Education & Onboarding project ideas [#130]([https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/130](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/130))

* Ad-hoc discussion of different approaches we could take for building resources to support onboarding into standards/careers
* Helpful info?
  * Expectations style guidance for how long it takes, etc
  * Expectations for leadership roles - editing, chairing, joining an AC/GA
  * Multi-channel approach
  * Who do we cater to?
  * It should be generalized for a broad audience
  * Slack channel for q&a support?
  * Who can I go to for what - let people find names & faces
  * Centralized resource area(s)

TC39 Meeting Updates

* Jordan & Richard shared outcomes of the TC39 Meeting last week 
* Temporal moved to stage 3
  * brief discussion RE Moment and Polyfills
* Error Cause also moved to stage 3
* Other proposals moved to stage 2
* Richard will be sending more preliminary emails ahead of meetings to project leads
* Jory to reach out to Hemanth about sending his post-analysis to projects list
    

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: https://calendar.openjsf.org