# OpenJS Foundation Standards Working Group Meeting 2021-04-20

## Links
* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2jokQVWFNI
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/136

## Present

* OpenJS Foundation Cross Project Council
* OpenJS Foundation Project Maintainers
* OpenJS Foundation Board of Directors

Eemeli Aro (@eemeli)
Robin Ginn (@rginn)
Jory Burson (@jorydotcom)
Mike Samuel (@mikesamuel)
Sendil Kumar (@sendilkumarn)
Joe Sepi (@joesepi)

## Agenda

### Announcements

*Extracted from **cross-project-council-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **openjs-foundation org** prior to the meeting.

* Node v. 16 is live today! Congrats Node team. 
* Marketing committee meeting today following this meeting
* Board meeting Friday, people are welcome to attend public session
* Session to meet / discuss Spec Ed Community Group on April 28
* Speakers announced and the schedule will go live this week for OpenJS world - register to get emails and event notifications.

### openjs-foundation/standards

* Deal with Recurring CPC Working Session Conflict [#134](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/134)

We resolved this issue by moving the meeting one hour earlier.
Jory and Joe fixed the calendar invite to resolve.

* Discussion Request: Standards/Education & Onboarding Resources [#130](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/130)
We are compiling resources for a resource to help people gain skills they need or want to get involved in standardization activities.
Question is how we want to present this information - e.g. build a standalone website. Simplest would be to have a GitHub repo with GH pages. We could give it a name and url. Do want to make this separately branded or more closely brand it with OpenJS? Eemeli encourages OpenJS to own the brand, but make it clear the information is not specific to OpenJS and is SDO neutral. 
Foundationâ€™s preference would be to use a jekyll template; Joe would prefer the group to use a js tool, such as eleventy. 
Request is to continue adding recommendations to the issue and think of a name. 

* News from our Liaison groups
  * TC39 meeting happening today and tomorrow. 
  * Next week: W3C Advisory Council Meeting
  * Spec Ed Community Group has spun up
  * W3C Advisory Board Elections
  * Unicode messageformat working group continues, meeting bi-weekly. Currently stuck on the shape of the data model for the spec. Going to start parallel implementations; Eemeli is championing one of the models and developing tooling/parsing. Work will likely take several months. 
  * No update from the OSI. They are re-running board elections.

The group closed the public meeting to discuss the following topics in a private session. 

* Place to discuss what we are doing without it being public (Eemeli)
* Joint Statement on Open Source and Standards with W3C  [#132](https://github.com/openjs-foundation/standards/issues/132)

* Upcoming Standards group meetings



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Calendar**: <https://calendar.openjsf.org>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
